I'm here at the Team Liquid training
facility the Alienware training facility
to talk a little bit with 72-hours who
is a member of their new newly announced
fortnight team and I guess a dead by
daylight youtuber streamer what was your
whole life and that that world like for
a while before this I started out with
dead by daylight and just kind of was a
hobby and then people started
recognizing that was really good at
playing survivor and I started get some
notoriety and I was like this streaming
thing could work out and I started
pursuing that and then once I guess the
game started to go downhill for me I
decided to make the spots before tonight
alright so I would love for you to
explain a little bit to me because I I'm
a self pronounced like fortnight noob
I'm super fascinated by the scene we
were joking before this I know I know
who ninja is Nick Marx's and myth so
where do you fit it in that world 72
hours
what do you mean as far as there's
fortnight personalities so are you have
you been playing for a while are you do
you stream a lot like what is your your
role in the ecosystem um i'll Miam is
well-known in the community right now I
was playing for phase so obviously I
mean phases China org so you definitely
have some variety but typically I mean
I'm I'm probably more of a troll a
little more sarcastic but I would say I
disappeared for about a month and then
came back so it's kind of like a more
mysterious what's kind of going on with
this guy type vibe so I don't know it's
hard to say I guess we'll see what nish
I start to fill so how did you end up
getting into the competitive side of
fortnight right because I again there
are certain people like I named that do
more of the streaming side and a lot of
people talk about them being really good
and certainly that contributes to their
success on stream but how did you end up
entering this this early world of
competitive fortnight so in the origins
I was just playing it as a streamer just
to mess around and then someone
approached me the captain of faze cloak
see and he's a known pro PR player and
he said hey like I want a team with you
and used to
people like would you be interested in I
was like alright it's time to start
grinding like we'll see what happens and
I ended up getting really good because
of that pressure on me I feel like I
needed to become really good how how do
does the community the industry people
scouting to create teams how are they
able to to tell how good a player is
right now because I know that there's
not really like a ladder system in place
like I I'm curious how people can tell
like the relative strengths of all the
different players there I think it's
really tough to say I mean a lot of
people will watch the streams of the
players so the players that are
streaming you can kind of get a vibe for
their decision making their mechanics
all of that but there's also certain
scrims that people will play in the all
queuing at the same time and you can get
a vibe for you know what players are
performing in squads because there might
be a really good individual player but
he's making terrible decisions when it
comes to squads so it's almost a risk
can you say hey maybe we can comb this
player into a really good squads player
or know this guy is to Sullivan like
mentality there's no way that we can
ever work with this guy on a squad so it
really just depends on what you see in
their mechanics and their attitude
towards their teammates and the game
what here's a good question for you how
good are you like are you are you better
than a lot of these big big names out
there that are the big streamers I mean
because because certainly there are
people that are looking at those kind of
scrim games that you said those in
houses looking at a streams but how good
do you think you are I mean I don't I
feel like that's a weird question well I
mean it might be a weird question but I
mean you're on a competitive team here
right like everybody's gonna be
wondering how good you actually are it's
fair for me to at least ask you how good
do you think you are see for me when I
set out when I was told hey we want you
on this team I was like I'm gonna grind
to be the best and I don't care if
people think I'm the best I don't care
about the public opinion of whether
people think I'm the best I'm just gonna
become the best player that I possibly
can be and hopefully become the best
player so I mean if you're asking public
perception some people might say I'm not
good some people might say I'm top 10
player like it really just depends on
who you're asking but for me I won't
rate myself I'll do
say I'm gonna continue being the best
player that I can be you won't rate
yourself I'm top 100 for sure I'll say
that that fair in the competitive crowd
sure sure
is that how is that how you ended up on
Steve approached you and said hey team
liquid we're looking for a top 100
player for the team it's like I feel
like top 100 is fair because you're like
I could be anywhere in there I mean top
100 is definitely a cop-out I do I will
agree with you there yes I do like
because I feel like it's a are you
afraid you're afraid of a backlash no I
don't ever want to be too full of myself
because once you get complacent like at
one point I thought I was really good
and then I played against some players
and they completely humbled me and I
went back and redressed my attitude and
I was like you have a lot to learn from
everybody so I'm gonna keep doing that
well let me broaden the question out
Freeland I know it's still early days in
fact it's hard for me to understand you
know if TSM has a good team now Team
Liquid is announcing him how good do you
think the team is our team I would say
100% like top five I would not and I
don't want to be too aggressive with the
ranking but I would say I'm pretty
confident that we're top five well kind
of going back to you so I know you were
on phase and then your weren't on phase
and now you're on Team Liquid and there
was at least some conversation I became
aware of where people were wondering
what happened with phase and your
involvement there and how you ended up
here I would love to get your side of
the story from what what happened there
I mean as much as you're comfortable
talking about right so initially we were
thinking about making a roster change
and we were trying out fourths and one
of the players we tried out who's now on
phase was T few I believe he was trying
out for this team as well and then I got
basically extended an offer from liquid
my manager came to me and said hey look
we would like you and I was like I would
like that offer like I feel more
comfortable on that team and phase was
nice enough to let me go
and I would just preferred to say
nothing because
they're being nice enough to let you go
this early especially under contracts
and all this stuff I would rather be
respectful of the org and now step on
any toes well the transfers being you
know swath because when you're swapping
out from one roster to another obviously
it's not something that the original
organization will be happy with losing a
player that they want to keep not
something that's comfortable for them
from from your side of the story it was
a decision where you you learned of this
teamliquid opportunity and so you
decided to take that yeah I filled for
them scrims just like one random day
when my team wasn't playing like a month
or two or three ago whatever it was and
I felt so much more comfortable just
talking to them and playing with them
and the way that they wanted to play the
game I just felt way more like a team
and like they all had the same desire to
win that I have so wait so now you are
here I'm very curious because I have not
had a chance to talk to too many people
I talk to a lot of sort of industry
observers right that are like oh man
fortnight's big and then we hear about
this hundred million dollars that's
getting invested by epic what is your
perspective as a player on what the
future of this stuff is gonna look like
and I'm not saying like tell me what for
tonight eSports looks like five years
from now because they know nobody knows
but from your perspective like what what
would you like to see what are your
guesses what what will all this develop
into I mean anything of along those
lines I think it would be interesting if
they have some kind of circuit like how
LCS is kind of doing the league scene
it's gonna be really interesting whether
they go with duos or squads or how they
change it because some people kind of
are critiquing how squad and games go
but I would be really interested to see
some kind of maybe franchising or
something some kind of LCS type of
situation happen because that would be
really both interesting to watch and
great as a player you mentioned LCS but
you also mentioned circuit just just for
clarification like circuit was really
what LCS had or League had before the
LCS happened like you have the circuit
side in the league side you're more
interested in what a franchise league
would look like did the franchise league
still have like relegations and stuff
like it
I don't know how much because it sounds
like you're familiar with my side of the
fence which is the league of legends
side before there was LCS you kind of
had like MLG in IPL and this kind of
like circuit system uh that allowed you
to collect points from playing all these
tournaments and then go on to the World
Championships the reason I bring this up
is because a lot like that's very
similar to what happens in dota right
now there's always been a bit of a
conversation about whether or not LCS is
good right a lot of the European
analysts and personalities they tend to
not like LCS they want an open system
where you can have much something much
more similar to csgo on the other hand a
lot of people argue that franchising and
the league system brings in the
stability and you have games every week
out of the same studio so that's kind of
the conversation there right so there's
probably I'm assuming there's a lot of
positives each and a lot of negatives to
both I imagine my guess is that they'll
do a circuit like with a bunch of
different majors and stuff like that
like csgo just because right now they
have a hundred million on the line and I
imagine if the international I think the
highest is like twenty four point seven
million or something like that I imagine
they're gonna try beating that as my
guess that they're gonna want to set the
bar so high they have the
highest-grossing tournament or prize
pool for the tournament and it shouldn't
be that hard in my opinion or from what
I can tell because fortnight seems just
gigantic I mean what is it like for you
being even it's just that what feels
like the very beginning of this stuff I
mean I'm looking at the e3 Pro Am that
they're gonna do with all these big
celebrities and big names and all that
it's insane I mean I'm hoping that they
do include the whole competitive scene
because right now for e3 it's a lot of
the celebrity hype and I think it'll be
really interesting to see how that
tournament does I imagine it's gonna be
the most viewed thing on Twitch like
there's no possibility that it doesn't
break some kind of record
with going back to kind of the
conversation around squads so let's do
us what do you think would be a good
format for that I've heard some rumors
that it might as you said maybe be
better to go with the solo duo out or
maybe the epic is interested in that I'm
kind of curious I mean especially seeing
that a lot of teams are building out
like four-man rosters what you think of
of the format's I would definitely like
to see because right now I agree
like duo seems to be the best endgame
like it's more space it's less about
turtling and more about controlling high
ground and there's a lot of
back-and-forth action that happens
throughout the entire match now I'm not
saying I'd like to do away with squads I
would like to see the squads endgame
become more like duo's and I'm not sure
exactly how they can change it to be
that way I just know that the endgame of
duo's feels really good to play and from
a spectator point of view I think you
can see a lot more of what's going on
and it'll just be better to watch I
imagine and with with the tournament
format or the game format the match
format you know I I know that there's a
lot of interest just in the way that for
tonight normally works where whoever
wins at the end wins but then I've seen
other tournaments where you you break
out of teams and you you see how many
people you kill you get points that way
what is the most interesting format to
you what do you wish you could play whoo
I think winning is super important in
for tonight and then pub G right for
example they do kills I think it's like
maybe 12 points per kill and maybe like
50 or 100 points per placing
I think a combination would be good just
cuz if you can consistently win it would
be pretty impressive just because of how
crazy the end games can end up getting
with all the building and whatnot I
don't know going for kills is always a
risk and you're always going to be plea
your team in danger so I don't know if
it's like maybe kills at the end or
worth more or whatnot like how h1z1 kind
of did it in their public matches but if
they're gonna have to play around with
NC cuz I'm not really sure even what I
would prefer to play as I can't really
comment on what would be more fun or
better to watch what what does the
future look like in your opinion for
yourself and the team liquid team I mean
are you gonna try to stream more I know
you've taken a little bit of a break but
sounds like you guys were streaming
today as we film this is that something
your interest in doing are you gonna
focus more on just being the the best
possible team is there a difference and
League you know again with my background
if you're streaming all day you're
probably not gonna be like the best team
or best competitor so I mean what would
you like to see from your team I mean I
think best-case scenario is you have a
good balance but for sure I think
exactly is that I mean you could
stream some practice but typically I
think most people play better off of
stream off of the camera not interacting
with chat so typically maybe stream for
a couple hours and then focus on
yourself and practice and then working
either as a team as we've been doing
pretty much just now we've added
streaming into it well this is my first
interview with you but my my ritual at
the end of these things is to ask if
whoever I'm talking to has anything they
want to say to any of the fans out there
and the people watching any of the
fortnight folks who are watching this
and kind of curious about what the
future looks like so anything that you
would say to any of those individuals
who thank you epic and teamliquid for
the opportunity we've been given thank
you to all my sponsors and thank you to
my teammates my teammates and of course
thank you to you Travis
appreciate it thank you so much for the
interview really nice to meet you
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel
yeah you're still here
we you were hoping I promote my support
page at Travis Khafre comm slash support
or my patreon at patreon.com slash
Travis gaffer die I know I'm good it's
over go home
you